0xdeadbeef

medium

# Attacker can prevent funders from funding none-whitelisted ERC20 tokens

## Summary

`fundBountyToken` which is used to deposit ERC20 tokens to a bounty restricts funding of none-whitelisted ERC20 tokens to the amount specified in `openQTokenWhitelist` (currently 5).

An attacker can deposit 5 none-whitelisted arbitrary tokens before the real funder does. This will prevent the funder from being able to fund the none-whitelisted ERC20 token.

## Vulnerability Detail

`fundBountyToken` has the following `require` to check if a token that is not whitelisted can be deposited.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L45-L50

It checks if `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT` tokens have already been deposited:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L207-L217

An attacker can deposit `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT` times arbitrary tokens to make this `require` revert. 
The tokens can be either attacker created (free supply) or very small amount of existing ERC20 tokens.

## Impact

Funders will be prevented from depositing none-whitelisted ERC20 tokens.

## Code Snippet

In the description

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Even though there is a need for bounties to be crowdfundable, some restrictions can be applied:
Examples:
1. Funders would need to stake MATIC that would only get released after a few day, issuer can slash the MATIC if he sees that the funder is malicious - This will make it less incentivized for attackers to perform the attack.
2. Allow the issuer to remove funds/tokens from the bounty.

This assumes there is full trust between issuers and funders, as is true in this project anyway. 
