yixxas

medium

# Whitelisted tokens are not limited by `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT`

## Summary
As documented, we know that

> /// @dev Whitelisting and token address limit is implemented primarily as a means of preventing out-of-gas exceptions when looping over funded addresses for payouts

However, an infinite number of tokenAddresses can be added to the bounties if they are whitelisted. This means that the contract can still reach the out-of-gas state we are trying to avoid when looping over funded addresses for payout.

## Vulnerability Detail

When bounty tokens are funded, we check for `TOO_MANY_TOKEN_ADDRESSES` error only when token is not whitelisted. If tokenAddress is whitelisted, unlimited amount of tokenAddresses can be added to the contract.

```solidity
function fundBountyToken(
    address _bountyAddress,
    address _tokenAddress,
    uint256 _volume,
    uint256 _expiration,
    string memory funderUuid
) external payable onlyProxy {
    IBounty bounty = IBounty(payable(_bountyAddress));

    if (!isWhitelisted(_tokenAddress)) {
        require(
            !tokenAddressLimitReached(_bountyAddress),
            Errors.TOO_MANY_TOKEN_ADDRESSES
        );
    }
    ...
}
```

Having too many addresses added will DOS the contract when a claim is being made as they are looped over in atomic bounty and tier percentage bounty. This will prevent claimant from being able to claim their rightful rewards.

## Impact
Whitelisting of tokenAddresses can bypass the maximum number of token addresses we want to add as limited by the `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT`, hence failing to protect us from its intended functionality, out-of-gas DOS.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L36-L74
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/TokenWhitelist/TokenWhitelist.sol#L10

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider checking that `tokenAddress` does not exceed the limit even if the token we are adding is whitelisted. 
