Jeiwan

medium

# Bounty contract funding can be blocked by an attack filling the limit of token addresses

## Summary
A malicious actor can fill the limit of token addresses in a bounty contract with fake ERC20 tokens and block funding of the contract. The cost of the attack is low since fake ERC20 can be used in the attack.
## Vulnerability Detail
The [DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L36) function is used to fund bounty contracts. The function is not restricted by caller: anyone can call it and deposit funds into a bounty contract.

The function allows depositing both whitelisted and non-whitelisted tokens by implementing the following check:
1. if a token is whitelisted, it [can be deposited without restrictions](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L45);
1. if a token is not whitelisted, it [cannot be deposited if `openQTokenWhitelist.TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT` tokens have already been deposited](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L46-L49).

This allows to deposit as much as `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT` different ERC20 tokens.

These two facts combined open up the following attack scenario:
1. A malicious actor creates `TOKEN_ADDRESS_LIMIT` fake ERC20 contracts.
1. The malicious actor deposits the fake tokens into a bounty contract via the `DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken` function.
1. The minter of the bounty contract is no longer able to deposit non-whitelisted tokens since the limit is reached by the fake tokens.
## Impact
Bounty minter may not be able to deposit non-whitelisted tokens after a malicious actor have filled the limit of token address by fake ERC20 tokens.
## Code Snippet
[DepositManagerV1.sol#L45-L50](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L45-L50)
[DepositManagerV1.sol#L207-L217](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L207-L217)
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Consider allowing funding of bounty contracts only to bounty minters.