unforgiven

medium

# Function closeCompetition() in TieredPercentageBountyV1 consider expired deposits as locked up funds and it can cause wrong funds distribution and fund loss

## Summary
Function `closeCompetition()` in TieredPercentageBountyV1 set the value of the `fundingTotals[token]` based on current contract token balance but those balance may belong to expired deposits and by setting `fundingTotals[token]` to contract balance, code consider them as locked deposit funds. because users can withdraw their expired deposits so this would cause wrong fund distribution and fund loss for some users if deposits are get refunded.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is `closeCompetition()` code:
```solidity
    function closeCompetition() external onlyClaimManager {
        require(
            status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN,
            Errors.CONTRACT_ALREADY_CLOSED
        );

        status = OpenQDefinitions.CLOSED;
        bountyClosedTime = block.timestamp;

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < getTokenAddresses().length; i++) {
            address _tokenAddress = getTokenAddresses()[i];
            fundingTotals[_tokenAddress] = getTokenBalance(_tokenAddress);
        }
    }
```
As you can see it sets the value of the `fundingTotals[token]` to contract token balance and doesn't check for expired deposits. contract should calculates lockup funds (funds for unexpired deposits) by calling `getLockedFunds()` and set the value of the `fundingTotals[token] = getLockedFunds(token)`.
This is the steps the exploit happens:
1. UserA carets percentage tiered Bounty1 and set tier 1 win as 40% and tier 2 win as 40% and tier 3 as 20%.
2. UserB would deposit 10K USDT for 1 month into the Bounty1.
3. UserC would deposit 10K USDT for 2 month into the Bounty1.
4. after 1 month UserA would set the winners of the Bounty1 as User1 and User2 and User3 for tier 1 and 2 and 3.
5. now UserB deposit is expired but it's not yet refunded, when User3 calls permissioned claim function, then function `closeCompetition()` would get called and code would set `fundingTotals[USDT] = 20K` even so locked deposits sums are 10K USDT. then claim function would transfer `20K * 20% = 4K` to User3 as tier 3 winner prize and contract balance would be 16K.
6. now UserB would refund his deposit and would receive 6K USDT (`balance - lockedBalance = 16K - 10K = 6K`) and contract balance would be 10K USDT.
7. now User1 would call permission claim and contract would transfer `20K * 40% = 8K` token as reward for tier 1 and contract balance would be 2K USDT.
8. now User2 can't claim his win prize as contract has not enough balance. User2 would lose his funds and User1 and User3 would receive more funds. contract 2K USDT balance would stuck in the contract for expiration time.

## Impact
if users refund their expired deposits then contract would distribute wrong amount of rewards for winners. early claimers would receive more funds and last claimers won't be able to claim their funds and lose their funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L123-L136

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
calculated locked balance (sum of all locked deposits) and set it as `fundingTotals[token]` in the `closeCompetition()` functoin.