Robert

medium

# Refunds Being Disallowed After One Request Regardless of Amount Refunded Allows Griefing

## Summary
When a user requests a refund, they may either be given the full amount they deposited or however much is in currently unlocked and able to be transferred out. Their deposit ID is then marked as refunded and cannot be refunded again.

The problem comes in that if a user is forced to refund 0 tokens, they've then lost any ability to refund.

There are many situations where this could happen but one example is in an ongoing bounty where claims happen periodically and deposits/extensions can always occur. A malicious actor can watch for someone trying to get a refund and depending on the amount the user is trying to refund and the amount that has been claimed, they can extend their deposit to lock extra tokens and force the innocent user's refund to 0.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Malicious actor and user both deposit 50 tokens in an ongoing bounty.
2. In one week, 50 is claimed and there are 50 tokens left in the bounty.
3. Both the user and hacker are able to be refunded because their expiration has run out.
4. The user sees they can get their 50 refunded and attempts to refund.
5. The hacker sees this and extends their deposit for a few minutes.
6. Once the user's refund request goes through, it succeeds and refunds the user 0 tokens.
7. The user now not only doesn't get their 50 tokens back but can never request a refund if more tokens are added in the future.

## Impact
This could lead to token loss in a user but I've rated it as a medium because it's not very likely to occur.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L175 is where the bounty returns funds based on whatever's currently available.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L76 is where refunded is set to true regardless of the amount refunded.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Allow further refunds if the initial one doesn't return the user's full balance.
