chainNue

medium

# TieredFixedBounty may contains a winner with no reward to be claimed

## Summary
TieredFixedBounty may contains a winner with no reward to be claimed if the token balance is not enough and someone has claim the bounty.

## Vulnerability Detail

One of bounty type is Tiered Fixed Bounty (`TieredFixedBounty`), which basically will have some winners who their bounty reward is fixed amount.

When we create a Bounty, we don't need to input this total reward, also when setting the `setPayoutScheduleFixed` we don't have to provide the amount provided.

If for an example, there are some people fund the bounty, but not completely cover all the reward, and winners have been selected, the first claim will trigger a `closeCompetition` which currently it doesn't check if current balance already cover the whole winner. So, if there is no check to make sure all winner will get enough reward, then if the total amount of `payoutSchedule` array less than current reward bounty token balance, there will be some winners who can't claim the reward.

```solidity
File: TieredFixedBountyV1.sol
110:     function closeCompetition() external onlyClaimManager {
111:         require(
112:             status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN,
113:             Errors.CONTRACT_ALREADY_CLOSED
114:         );
115: 
116:         status = OpenQDefinitions.CLOSED;
117:         bountyClosedTime = block.timestamp;
118:     }
```

currently, if the `closeCompetition` is called, then there will be no further funding accepted (to cover the leftover), thus the remaining winner who can't claim will be left out.

Unlike the Tiered Percentage, where the reward will be percentage proportion to the current balance, so there will be no problem with the issue, the Tiered Fixed is using the fixed amount.

## Impact

There will be some winners who can't claim their reward because of insufficient reward bounty token.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredFixedBountyV1.sol#L110-L118

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Before closing the Bounty, `closeCompetition`, check if the reward balance for the TieredFixedBounty is enough to cover all the `payoutSchedule`, for example:

```solidity
    function closeCompetition() external onlyClaimManager {
        require(
            status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN,
            Errors.CONTRACT_ALREADY_CLOSED
        );

        uint256 totalRequiredReward = 0;
        uint256 balanceToken = getERC20Balance(payoutTokenAddress);

        for(uint256 i=0; i<_payoutSchedule.length; i++){
            totalRequiredReward += payoutSchedule[i];
        }
        require(balanceToken >= totalRequiredReward, "Balance token not enough");

        status = OpenQDefinitions.CLOSED;
        bountyClosedTime = block.timestamp;
    }
```