usmannk

high

# Bounties can be rendered nonfunctional by depositing and refunding an NFT.

## Summary

The Atomic, Tiered Fixed, and Tiered Percentage bounty types support awarding NFTs as a bounty reward. When claims are made, the NFT is transferred to the claimant. However, there are no checks on whether or not the NFT has previously been refunded to the depositor. If an NFT is deposited into a bounty and refunded, every subsequent claim will attempt to claim that NFT and revert. 

A malicious issuer can take advantage of this by:

- Attacker funds bounties with large amounts of USDC and long expiration periods.
- Attacker adds an NFT to the bounty or (each bounty tier) with expiration time of 1 second.
- In the next block the attacker refunds the NFT to themselves.

From this point onwards, any claims to the bounty will revert. Once the expiration period is over, the attacker will have gotten victims to do the off-chain bounty tasks for no payout.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a claim is made to any bounty/bounty tier the following code is run (it is duplicated for each of the 3 vulnerable bounty types).

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L150-L165

The `claimNft` function is defined once. It does not check if the bounty contract still owns the NFT.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L125-L136 

## Impact

Loss of funds to claimants in the amount of the entire claim.

Although this may be "only" classified as "theft of unclaimed yield", I believe it is high severity because claimants must do real off-chain work (like completing a Github Pull Request) before submitting a claim. They are, in effect, being robbed of the work done.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check if an NFT has been previously refunded before attempting to transfer it away.