Jeiwan

high

# Native coin can be lost when deposited together with an ERC20 token

## Summary
Native coin is not accounted in the total deposited amount when deposited together with an ERC20 token. The depositor will lose the native coin since it cannot be refunded.
## Vulnerability Detail
The [DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L36) function allows user to deposit funds into a bounty contract. Either the native coin and an ERC20 token can be deposited. Also, the function allow to deposit both of them at the same time by sending some native coins along the call and setting the `_tokenAddress` argument to an ERC20 contract. However, the subsequent call to [BountyCore.receiveFunds](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L21) will result in a loss of the native coins sent in the call: the `BountyCore.receiveFunds` function discards `msg.value` if `_tokenAddress` is not set to the zero address:
```solidity
uint256 volumeReceived;
if (_tokenAddress == address(0)) {
    volumeReceived = msg.value;
} else {
    volumeReceived = _receiveERC20(_tokenAddress, _funder, _volume);
}
```
As a result, the native coins sent along the call will be left in the contract and not accounted towards the deposited amount.
## Impact
Despite the `DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken` function allowing depositing the native coin and an ERC20 token in one call, users will lost the amount of native coin send along the call; only the amount of ERC20 tokens deposited will be accounted.
## Code Snippet
[DepositManagerV1.sol#L54-L56](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L54-L56)
[BountyCore.sol#L40-L45](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L40-L45)
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
In the `DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken` function, consider disallowing sending native coins (i.e. having a positive `msg.value`) when `_tokenAddress` is set to a non-zero address. This will bring the logic of the function on par with that of the `BountyCore.receiveFunds` function: both function should allow depositing only either the native coin or an ERC20 token.