joestakey

medium

# `refundDeposit` should bypass `expiration` if a bounty is closed and all claimants have claimed their share

## Summary
Funders cannot retrieve their funds immediately when a bounty has been closed.

## Vulnerability Detail
Funders must specify an `_expiration` when funding a bounty, which represents the amount of time before they can get a refund.

This is enforced in `refundDeposit`:

```solidity
File: contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol
71:         require(
72:             block.timestamp >= depositTime[_depositId] + expiration[_depositId],
73:             Errors.PREMATURE_REFUND_REQUEST
74:         ); 
```

The issue is that `refundDeposit()` does not take into account whether a bounty has been closed or not.
If the bounty is now closed, the funds are unnecessarily frozen until expiration.

## Impact
The incentive is for bounty issuers/funders to set an expiration as high as possible when funding: it gives assurances to developers that the funds will be available should they complete the required work.

The problem is that because of the issue described above, an expiration in a distant future comes at the expense of freezing these funds for the entirety of the time specified. 

Suppose there is a bounty issuer issuing an ongoing bounty with a 1_000 USDC payout for a specific research project, funding the bounty contract with 20_000 USDC for a long duration (e.g: 2 years). 
After 6 months, the project is satisfied with the results of the submitted issues, and decides to close the bounty (calling `closeOngoing()`.
There is `10_000` left in the contract, but they are frozen for 18 more months (until `block.timestamp >= depositTime[_depositId] + expiration[_depositId]`).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L71-L74

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a check to allow refunds if the bounty is closed.

This does introduce a grieving vector (bounty issuers wait for satisfying PRs submission, then snatch back their refund before claimants claim their bounty). Potential mitigations:
- for on-going bounties, use a 2-step closing method with a timelock (for instance a week), allowing developers to be aware the project is going to close, so that they can claim their bounty in time.
- for tiers bounties, allow the refundDeposit to go through if all tiers have been claimed.