0x52

high

# Tier winner can steal excess funds from tiered percentage bounty if any deposits are expired

## Summary

Total funds used to calculate the percentage payment is set when the bounty is closed. If the main deposit is refundable by the time when the bounty is closed, a tier winner could exploit the bounty to steal all the funds in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L123-L136

When a tiered bounty is closed, the balances of each payout token is snapshot.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120

These balance snapshots are used to calculate the amount to pay of each payout token. The balances are only snapshot once and don't change when deposits are refunded. A tier winner can abuse this structure to steal excess funds from the contract if there are any expired deposits. This would be accomplished by using a very short-lived deposit to artificially inflate the prize pool before claiming and refunding to drain all available funds.

Example:
User A creates a competition with 10,000 USDC in prizes. The contest goes longer than expected and their deposit becomes available for refund. User B wins 3rd place which entitles them to 10% of the pool. User A makes a call adding User B as the winner of tier 2 (3rd place). User B calls DepositManagerV1#fundBountyToken to fund the bounty with 90,000 USDC and a _expiration of 1 (second). They then call ClaimManagerV1#permissionedClaimTieredBounty which snapshots the total bounty at 100,000 USDC and entitles User B to 10,000 USDC (10%) of winnings. The next block User B calls DepositManagerV1#refundDeposit and refunds their deposit. Since the initial 10,000 USDC deposit has expired, User B withdraws the other 90,000 USDC in the contract. This leaves the bounty with no funds.

## Impact

Tier winner can steal all funds in the percentage bounty during claim if initial deposit is expired

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

All deposits should be locked for some minimum amount of time after a tiered bounty has been closed