eyexploit

high

# Unbounded loop in `getLockedFunds` could lead to griefing/DOS attack when user try claiming refunds via `refundDeposit`

## Summary

Griefing/DOS attack is possible when a malcious actor makes multiple fake deposits through `fundBountyToken`. As for, each new deposit its generating a new `depositId` which later it appends to the `deposits` for the record. So whenever a legitmate user try claiming his deposit via `refundDeposit`, it could cause excessive gas usage in `getLockedFunds` and transaction reverted due to block gas limit. 

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Consider the attacker make a deposits of 1 Wei of token 5000 times (say) through `fundBountyToken()`, which increase the deposits count by 5000. 
2. A legitmate user try claiming for his deposits by calling `refundDeposit` in the same bounty contract above, where it first calculate the `availableFunds` using the total tokenBalance and locked tokenBalance. 
```solidity
uint256 availableFunds = bounty.getTokenBalance(depToken) - bounty.getLockedFunds(depToken);
```
3. getLockedFunds will revert due to step 1, as block gas limit reached. 
```solidity
    function getLockedFunds(address _depositId)
        public
        view
        virtual
        returns (uint256)
    {
        uint256 lockedFunds;
        bytes32[] memory depList = this.getDeposits();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < depList.length; i++) {
            if (
                block.timestamp <
                depositTime[depList[i]] + expiration[depList[i]] &&
                tokenAddress[depList[i]] == _depositId
            ) {
                lockedFunds += volume[depList[i]];
            }
        }

        return lockedFunds;
    }
```

Hence, user funds got freezed into the contract and also no claims are refundable for any new deposits in future. 

## Impact
Permanent freezing of user funds and no claim on any future deposits.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L54-L56

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L38

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L171-L172

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L341-L349


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Currently attacker can deposit with same account address multiple times and for every deposit a new `depositId` is generated to kept that deposit records. 

In *BountyCore.sol* for `receiveFunds`, We can make sure if funder has previously deposit, then there is no need to generate new `depositId`, just update it for the previous `depositId` and accordingly the expiration can be extended.