jkoppel

high

# Post-contest refunds block tier winners in tiered fixed bounty from claiming funds

## Summary

Withdrawing deposits after the close of a tiered fixed bounty competition makes it impossible for some winners to claim funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

There is a tiered fixed bounty where first place gets 9000 tokens, second place gets 1000 tokens.

The issuer funds the bounty for 5000, asks the community to fund the rest. A griefer pretends to be a "benefactor" and funds the rest. No-one else contributes because the bounty is fully funded.

The contest ends. Second place claim his 1000 tokens.

First place tries to claim his 9000 tokens, but the griefer front-runs him and withdraws his 5000 tokens. There are now only 4000 tokens left in the account, and it is not possible to transfer 9000 tokens to the winner. Nor is it possible to deposit more funds because the bounty is closed.

**This can also happen if a well-intentioned person funds the contest, but then backs out.**

It is still possible for the other depositors to refund their deposits. However, there is a very difficult to attack that does this while also making it possible to do refunds.  In this attack, a variant of https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq-jkoppel/issues/3 , the griefer also spams a very large number of expired 1-token deposits so that `BountyCore.getLockedFunds` will require an amount of gas of almost, but not quite, the block gas limit.  It is then still possible for the attacker to withdraw his 1 token and carry out the attack above.  However, the attacker then calls `extendDeposit` on many deposits, causing the if-branch in `getLockedFunds` to be entered, pushing the cost of `getLockedFunds` over the limit, and making it possible to do any more refunds. By doing this, the attacker can cause the remaining funds in the bounty to be lost for an arbitrarily long amount of time, say 1 billion years.  Repeated deposit extensions can make the amount of time the funds are frozen truly infinite.

## Impact

This makes it possible for anyone to, at low difficulty, block the last claimant from a tiered percentage bounty contest from claiming. It is possible for this to occur accidentally even if all parties are well-intentioned.

With much higher difficulty, it becomes possible to freeze funds in the bounty forever.


## Code Snippet

Fromhttps://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredFixedBountyV1.sol#L103

```solidity
        uint256 claimedBalance = payoutSchedule[_tier];
```

This will fail if there is less than the claimed balance left in the contract, which will occur if enough refunds have been done to make the contract no longer fully funded.


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make it so that, if not enough funds are left in the account, claimant gets whatever is left.

And perhaps also block refunds for a period after the contest ends.