0xdeadbeef

high

# Large amount of deposits will cause an out of gas exception that will prevent refunds

## Summary

Calculation of locked funds iterates over every deposit made to the bounty. 
Currently, there is no limit to the amount of MATIC/ERC20 deposits. 

Therefore if an attacker populates the deposits set or a bounty is open for a very long time (ongoing).
The function `getLockedFunds` will revert with an out of gas exception.

`getLockedFunds` is used in the flow of refunding funds, and therefore funders will not be able to withdraw their funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

An attacker can call `fundBountyToken` with a custom ERC20 multiple times to populate the `deposits` set at the end of `receiveFunds`. This will not cost the attacker any ERC20 tokens because the token is owned by him. If the limit for amount of unique tokens is reached. An attacker can chose any ERC20/native token supported and pay the minimum (1 WEI) for each deposit
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L36-L56

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L21-L57

Once `deposits` is big enough, any funder that calls `refundDeposit` will receive an out of gas error and the transaction will revert. 

The out of gas error will happen due to `getLockedFunds` iterating over all the deposits made to the bounty:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L333-L351

The number of loop is iterations is controllable by the attacker. 

(NOTE: If OpenQ was deployed on ethereum I would consider this issue as medium because of the gas the attacker will need to pay to populate the `deposits`. Because the project is deployed on Polygon, gas is very cheap and this attack becomes much more incentivized (have more time to work on claims, cause damage, etc..)) 
## Impact

Funders will not be able to withdraw their funds after expiration date.

## Code Snippet

In the description

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a restriction to the amount of ERC20/native token deposits in `receiveFunds` similar to how NFT deposits are limited.
```solidity
        require(
            deposits.length < depositLimit,
            Errors.DEPOSIT_LIMIT_REACHED
        );
```
