holyhansss

medium

# Malicous user can trigger DOS in refundDeposit function

## Summary
refundDeposit function in DepositManagerV1 contract is vulnerable to DOS attack. 

## Vulnerability Detail
`receiveFunds()` in BountyCore only callable by DepositManager and there is `fundBountyToken()` in DepositManagerV1 which calls `receiveFunds()`. It requires the `_volume` to be greater than 0. However, when a user send protocol token(native token), they can bypass 0 amount check. If user set volume as non-zero, and msg.value as 0, it will successfully work. 

Whenever `fundBountyToken()` is called, the length of `deposits` increases by 1. The variable `deposits` is used in `getLockedFunds()`which is view function. The problem comes when user what to refund deposit using `refundDeposit()`. 

Since `refundDeposit()` uses `getLockedFunds()`, and `getLockedFund()` uses length of deposits for loop,  `refundDopsit()` can be DOS. View function does not cost gas, but if view function is used inside of another state changing function, it uses gas.

Even though, it is protocol token is not whitelisted, malicious user can attack the contract with DOS. If Token A with 18 decimal is only token whitelisted, malicious user can simply call `fundBountyToken()` with 1 wei of Token A.

Also, Ploygon’s gas fee is very cheap, malicious user can easily DOS the `refundDopsit()`.

Ploygon gas fee is less than $0.005. It will take less than $50 to DOS the `refundDopsit()`.


```solidity
// modified test code
// this should not work, but it works.
await depositManager.fundBountyToken(bountyAddress, ethers.constants.AddressZero, volume, 1, Constants.funderUuid, { value: 0 });
```

## Impact
Malicious user can DOS the refundDopsit() with less than $50.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L54-L56](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L54-L56)

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L333-L352](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L333-L352)

## Tool used
VS Code

## Recommendation
Recomend to limit maximum depositors.
Recomend to add minimum deposit volume.