TrungOre

high

# Attacker can create a draft tokens and spam deposit to make function `DepositManagerV1.refundDeposit()` out-of-gas.

# [2023-02-openq] Attacker can create a draft tokens and spam deposit to make function `DepositManagerV1.refundDeposit()` out-of-gas.
###### tags: `sherlock`, `2023-02-openq`, `high`

## Summary
Function `DepositManagerV1.refundDeposit()` loops through entire `bounty.deposit[]` array to get the total locked fund which can be abused to lead to DDOS
 
## Vulnerability Detail
Function `DepositManagerV1.refundDeposit()` is used to refund an individual deposit from bountyAddress to sender if expiration time has passed. It calculates the `availableFunds` from balance and the total locked funds of `_bountyAddress` then transfer this amount to the `msg.sender`. 
The calculation of total locked funds is implemented as follows: 
```solidity=
function getLockedFunds(address _depositId)
    public
    view
    virtual
    returns (uint256)
{
    uint256 lockedFunds;
    bytes32[] memory depList = this.getDeposits();
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < depList.length; i++) {
        if (
            block.timestamp <
            depositTime[depList[i]] + expiration[depList[i]] &&
            tokenAddress[depList[i]] == _depositId
        ) {
            lockedFunds += volume[depList[i]];
        }
    }

    return lockedFunds;
}
```
This implementation will loops through the entire array `depList[]` to sum up all the volume of unexpired deposit. The question here is can attackers make the `depList.length` too big to execute (out-of-gas). The answer is "yep they can" due to the `addressLimit` technique of function `DepositManagerV1.fundBountyToken()`. 
```solidity=
function fundBountyToken(
    address _bountyAddress,
    address _tokenAddress,
    uint256 _volume,
    uint256 _expiration,
    string memory funderUuid
) external payable onlyProxy {
    IBounty bounty = IBounty(payable(_bountyAddress));

    if (!isWhitelisted(_tokenAddress)) {
        require(
            !tokenAddressLimitReached(_bountyAddress),
            Errors.TOO_MANY_TOKEN_ADDRESSES
        );
    }
}
```
If the `_tokenAddress` is not whitelisted, it will check if the token addresses limit is reached or not. If it's not reached, the _tokenAddress will be accepted as a reward of the bounty. Based on this idea, attacker can deploy a new ERC20 token which doesn't have any value and deposit this token into the bounty as much as possible before the tokenAddresses limit reached. After executing a lot of depositing into the bounty (eg: 10M time), the `BountyCore.deposits[]` array will grow massively and make the loop in `BountyCore.getLockedFunds()` out of gas to call. 

Furthermore in case protocol doesn't accept unwhitelisted token (by setting token addresses limit = 0), attacker can spam by depositing 1 wei each deposit with some low value tokens and make other funders can't claim their expired deposits. 

## Impact
Users is unable to claim the rewards. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L171-L172
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L341

## Tool used
Manual review 

## Recommendation
Consider change the flow of bounty into 3 phases: 
**1. Phase 1: Before distribution**
During this phase, the fund hasn't claimed yet so when a user call refund, he can claim his entire deposit fund which was captured by `volume[depositId]`

**2. Phase 2: Distribution**
When this phase start, no1 can call refund 

**3. Phase 3: After distribution**
Since the bounty has finished the distribution, the locked time of deposit should be redundant to let funder claim their deposit back 

With this flow, we shouldn't need to calculate the total locked fund when call refund
