peanuts

medium

# Bounties cannot be opened again once they are closed, bounty hunters may not get their reward.

## Summary

Bounties cannot be opened again once they are closed. Bounty Hunters that have won a fair share of their bounty cannot claim their funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The comments mention that closeCompetition() freezes the current funds for the competition. 

```solidity
    /// @notice Similar to close() for single priced bounties. closeCompetition() freezes the current funds for the competition.
```

The closeCompetition() function changes the status of the bounty to close, but there is no other function that changes the status back to open.

```solidity
     function closeCompetition() external onlyClaimManager {
        require(
            status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN,
            Errors.CONTRACT_ALREADY_CLOSED
        );


        status = OpenQDefinitions.CLOSED;
        bountyClosedTime = block.timestamp;


        for (uint256 i = 0; i < getTokenAddresses().length; i++) {
            address _tokenAddress = getTokenAddresses()[i];
            fundingTotals[_tokenAddress] = getTokenBalance(_tokenAddress);
        }
    }
```

The only way for the funds to be retrieved is for the funder to call [refundDeposit()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L64). However, this call is also contingent on the expiration time. If the expiration time is still far away and the bounty is closed prematurely, then the bounty hunters that have earned a share of the bounty have to wait until the expiration time is over. 

## Impact

Bounty Hunters that have won a fair share of their bounty cannot claim their funds. If the bounty is paused/frozen for important reasons like protocol hack, bounty has to be recreated, which wastes gas and time.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L122-L136

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Set two types of function, closeCompetition() and endCompetition(). Close competition is for emergencies (pauses, protocol attack, funds not accurately distributed) and can be opened again (sort of like a pause function, changes the state of pause rather than the state of the contract) whereas endCompetition() checks whether all funds have been distributed and officially closes the bounty for good.