ck

high

# Frontrunning of `initialize()` in various contracts.

## Summary

Frontrunning of `initialize()` in various contracts.

## Vulnerability Detail

`OpenQV1`,  `ClaimManagerV1` and `DepositManagerV1` use the `ERC1967` upgradeable proxy standard.  This standard involves first deploying an implementation contract and later a proxy contract which uses the implementation contract as its logic. When users make calls to the proxy contract, the proxy contract will delegate call to the underlying implementation contract.

It is recommended that deployment and initialization occur in a single transaction. If this isn't done, a malicious user can listen for bytecode that matches the contracts and frontrun `initialize()` . This could allow a malicious user to take ownership of the contracts.

For `OpenQV1` , deployment is done as follows:

In the `deploy_contracts.js` script, the `OpenQV1` is first deployed:

```solidity
const openQImplementationV2 = await OpenQImplementationV2.deploy();
```

Then the `openQProxy` contract is deployed:

```solidity
let openQProxy = await OpenQProxy.deploy(openQImplementationV2.address, []);
```

Then finally the proxy contract is initialized:

```solidity
await openQProxy.initialize();
```

As a result, a malicious attacker could monitor the blockchain for bytecode that matches the `openQProxy` contract and frontrun the `initialize()` transaction to gain ownership of the contract.

Also note that `claimManagerProxy` and `depositManagerProxy` are also affected in a similar manner.

## Impact

Various critical elements are set using the `initialize()` function in different contracts e.g ownership of the contracts. In the case of  `claimManager`, the address of oracle is also set. The attacker would therefore be able to inflict damage including DOS, fund theft.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/deploy/deploy_contracts.js#L51

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/deploy/deploy_contracts.js#L57

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Proxy/OpenQProxy.sol#L9-L17

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L14-L18

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L20-L24

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Ensure that the proxy contracts are deployed and initialized in the same transaction, or ensure the `initialize()` function is callable only by the deployer of the proxy contracts.