0xbrett8571

medium

# Using a "uint32" data type for the "operationType" variable.

## Summary
The contract in Line 57 specifically, uses `uint32` data type for the `operationType` variable, which represents the type of bounty being created. However, uint32 may not be large enough to store the range of possible values for the `OpenQDefinitions.InitOperation` type, which could result in an overflow.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue with the code is that it uses a `uint32` data type for the `operationType` variable, which has a maximum value of `4,294,967,295`. If the possible range of values for the `OpenQDefinitions.InitOperation` type is greater than this value, an overflow may occur.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L57
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L49
And when an overflow occurs, the value of the `operationType` variable will wrap around, leading to unexpected behavior. For example, if the maximum value of the `OpenQDefinitions.InitOperation` type is 5, and the `operationType` value exceeds `4,294,967,295,` the `operationType` value will be set to `5 - (4,294,967,295 + 1) = 5 - 4,294,967,296 = 5 - 0 = 5`.

This could result in a security flaw because the code only checks for the values of `OpenQDefinitions.ATOMIC, OpenQDefinitions.ONGOING, OpenQDefinitions.TIERED_PERCENTAGE,` and `OpenQDefinitions.TIERED_FIXED` for `operationType`. If an unexpected value is stored in `operationType`, the code will execute the `revert(Errors.UNKNOWN_BOUNTY_TYPE)` statement, which will cause the transaction to be rolled back and the state changes to be undone.

## Impact
I can certainly say the `operationType` value is too big, the `mintBounty` function could act in unexpected ways, because it relies on `operationType` to figure out which type of reward to use. It assigns the corresponding reward implementation address to `beaconProxy`.  It's important to keep an eye thoroughly on this issue and address it promptly to ensure the smooth operation of the OpenQ system.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L57
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L49-L57
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
My Recommendation is:

1. The variable `operationType` is declared as `uint32`, which is not large enough to store the maximum possible range of values for the `OpenQDefinitions.InitOperation` type. To prevent the overflow issue, change the type of the `operationType` variable from `uint32` to `uint256`. This will allow it to store the full range of possible values without causing an overflow.

Implementation:
```solidity
uint256 operationType = _operation.operationType;
```
By making this change, I believe the overflow issue will be resolved, and the code will be more secure.