Zer0Luck

medium

# Issues handling multi-funding deposits due to lack of depositID generation and tracking

## Summary
The `_generateDepositId()` function generates a unique `depositID` for the bountyID, but due to the weak generation method, it is possible to generate multiple `depositIDs` based on the same user and `bountyID`.
When creating a deposit and sending tokens to receiveFunds, it is possible to obtain duplicate funding deposits with different depositIDs created by exploiting the vulnerability, or an internal flaw could occur.

## Vulnerability Detail
```text
Attacker =(funding duration)> receiveFunds
    _generateDepositId -> deposits++ => hash(bountyId, deposits+1) => deposits upate
Attacker =(funding duration)> receiveFunds
    _generateDepositId -> deposits++ => hash(bountyId, deposits+2) => deposits upate
Attacker =(funding duration)> receiveFunds
    _generateDepositId -> deposits++ => hash(bountyId, deposits+3) => deposits upate
...
Attacker =(funding duration)> receiveFunds
    _generateDepositId -> deposits++ => hash(bountyId, deposits+n) => deposits upate
```
If an attacker uses _genrateDepositID to generate a unique depositID for each of the targeted funding products to the attacker's address, then the attacker can use
```solidity
function _generateDepositId() internal view virtual returns (bytes32) {
    return keccak256(abi.encode(bountyId, deposits.length));
}
```
The bountyId is a string type that has a fixed value depending on the given funding conditions, and deposits.length is the total amount of deposits received via receiveFunds, so an attacker can actually create multiple depositIDs based on the same bountyId.

```solidity
function receiveFunds(
    address _funder,
    address _tokenAddress,
    uint256 _volume,
    uint256 _expiration
)
    external
    payable
    virtual
    onlyDepositManager
    nonReentrant
    returns (bytes32, uint256)
{
    require(_volume != 0, Errors.ZERO_VOLUME_SENT);
    require(_expiration > 0, Errors.EXPIRATION_NOT_GREATER_THAN_ZERO);
    require(status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN, Errors.CONTRACT_IS_CLOSED);

    bytes32 depositId = _generateDepositId();

    uint256 volumeReceived;
    if (_tokenAddress == address(0)) {
        volumeReceived = msg.value;
    } else {
        volumeReceived = _receiveERC20(_tokenAddress, _funder, _volume);
    }
}
```
The receiveFunds function only checks the initial state variables `_volume`, `_expiration`, and `status` for a given funding condition.
The `_generateDepositId` function can then be used to generate multiple unique depositIDs by changing the value of `deposits.length` based on the bountyId as each `depositId` is created. 
```solidity
// ...
funder[depositId] = _funder;
tokenAddress[depositId] = _tokenAddress;
volume[depositId] = volumeReceived;
depositTime[depositId] = block.timestamp;
expiration[depositId] = _expiration;
isNFT[depositId] = false;

deposits.push(depositId); // <-- deposits state variables update!
tokenAddresses.add(_tokenAddress);
// ...
```
The deposits array is then updated after updating each of the funding state variables below, so the same person can actually create multiple deposits and earn deposits.

The `_generateDepositId()` function uses a keccak256 hash to generate multiple `depositIDs`, each unique, after changing the `bountyId` and `deposits.length` values. An attacker could exploit the issue by creating different `depositIDs' with the same `bountyID` and calling the same `receiveFunds` function to update `deposits` based on the deposit state variable.

## Impact
1. an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to update their own deposits with different `depositID`s in the same funding state, which could result in multiple rewards being paid to a single funder, which is against the intended behavior of the contract.
2. Since the unique `depositID` generated by the `_generateDepositId()` function is easily identifiable externally, and its value changes fluidly based on the owner, the potential exists for internal storage to be contaminated by generating multiple `depositIDs.
3. Due to the weak generation mechanism in the `_generateDepositId()` function where the `depositID` is generated, it can be randomly generated by other users, which can lead to a flaw in the internal logic.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L266-L270

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L21-L58

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Keep track of the `depositID` within the `receiveFunds` function. You should use it to check if you have already received funds with the same `depositID`.
- Already funded `depositIDs should be stored and tracked to prevent multiple deposits in future calls to the `receiveFunds` function.
- It's a good idea to add a random, unpredictable element to the process of generating a `depositID`. The following implementation is more complex than the previous one.
```solidity
funcction _generateDepositId() internal virtual (bytes32) {
    bytes32 _nonce_ = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(block.number, blockhash(block.number - 1)));
    return keccak256(abi.encodePacked(bountyId, deposits.length, _nonce));
}
```
- blockhash: The `blockhash` of the current block can be used to generate the `depositID`.
In this case, the second index will be the `blockhash` of the current block, and the randomness of the `blockhash` along with the fixed first index will be used to generate a unique `depositID`.

