kiki_dev

medium

# There should be a issuer => organiztion mapping to prevent bad actors from impersonating repuatable organizations.

## Summary
In order to get quality work a bounty issuer relies heavlily on thier reputation. Currently that reputation is tied to the organization name used when minting a bounty. The issue is that anyone can create a bounty with any organization name. Allowing a bad actor to impersonate and tarnish a organizations reputation. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Here is a scenario:

Alice always uses "I'm a good guy" for her organization name. People trust her and it is good business for all parties involved. 
Bob wants to get some free work so he mints a bounty with Alice's organization name. 
Bob offers 10 eth to complete a job. 
A claimant completes the job thinking it is either Alice or another person from Alice's orgnization
Bob takes the claimant's work and doesnt pay the claimant. 

Work is stolen from the claimant 
Alice's reputation is tarnished and looses good business down the road
Bob gets free work and can repeat this with all the reputable organizations. 

## Impact
Work is stolen
Trust is brroken 
Protocol is less usable. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L28

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There should be a mapping that connects a users wallet to an organization name. soemthing like `(address => string)`. Use this mapping to check that only the rightful users can identify as specific organizations.
