Udsen

high

# `initialize()` FUNCTION IS NOT PROTECTED BY `onlyProxy` MODIFIER

## Summary

`initialize()` function in the `DepositManagerV1` contract is not protected by the `onlyProxy` modifier. Since `initialize()` function is declared as an `external` function any external user can front run and call this function for the first time and become the owner of the contract. This will make both onlyOwner functions in the contract `setTokenWhitelist()` and `_authorizeUpgrade()` functions vulnerable.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `DepositManagerV1` contract is defined as a UUPS Upgradeable contract and expected to be called via the OpenQProxy.sol. But the `initialize()` function is not protected by the `onlyProxy` modifier. Thus making it possible for any external user to call this function and become the owner of the contract by front-running any other transaction for initialization.

## Impact

The missing `onlyProxy` modifier in the `initialize()` function can lead an attacker to get the ownership of the contract. Thus making the two onlyOwner functions `setTokenWhitelist()` and `_authorizeUpgrade()` vulnerable for attacks.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function initialize() external initializer {
        __Ownable_init();                        
        __UUPSUpgradeable_init();
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L15-L18

## Tool used

VS Code and Manual Review

## Recommendation

Apply the `onlyProxy` modifier to the `initialize()` function in the `DepositManagerV1` contract as below:

```solidity
    function initialize() external initializer onlyProxy {
        __Ownable_init();                        
        __UUPSUpgradeable_init();
    }
```
