imare

medium

# the user cannot easily know if its dealing with a legit bounty

## Summary
The protocol does have a factory for creating bounties but when doing so there is no emitted event or registry mapping for the user/worker of the bounty to know if its a legit bounty or a malicious one.

The only way of knowing is by inspecting the mempool before the bounty is created by watching for `BountyFactory#mintBounty` calls in blocks.

The distinction of a malicious bounty is that the user cannot claim any reward for such bounty even if protocol calls goes trough with the supplied bounty address.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a new bounty is minted the address is never leaked by emitting an event.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L49-L87

If a user has a bounty address it can no check its legit provenience.

When dealing with the protocol such bounty can be seen as a legit one. But in the end can rug the user in the way that he/she cannot `claim` on bounty close any reward.

## Impact
When using the protocol the user specifies an address bounty which is never checked to be the one created by the protocol so he/she can be assure that is using safe contract behavior.

So the behavior can be unexpected. The user doesn't have the option (provided by the protocol) to inspect if a bounty is indeed legit.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/BountyFactory/BountyFactory.sol#L49

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Emit an event or better use a mapping registry so when the user interacts with the protocol the provided address is checked that has been created by the protocol so there is no unexpected behavior.
