kiki_dev

medium

# Users are allowed to fund more than one erc20 token to onGoing and Tiered bounties. however only token gets sent.

## Summary
In Ongoing and Tiered bounties issuers are able to change the reward token for the bounty. But only one token is allowed to be sent when a claimant claims. This will lead to users needlessly locking up thier funds for an extended period of time. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In ongoing and tiered bounties the reward for a bounty being claimed comes in the form of one token. There is no loop to iterate through all the tokens in the bounty balance. There is also a function `setPayout()` that allows the issuer to change the token address.  This will lead to users needlessly locking up there tokens in the bounty contract long after it has been claimed. 

Here is a scenario:
Alice creates a Ongoing bounty with the intention of paying claimants 1 BNB per payout. 
Alice plans on leaving the bounty open for 1 year. 
Alice submits 20 BNB to pay for the frist 20 submissions. 
After depositing Alice realizes that the people who would be making submissions for these bounties do not want BNB instead they want eth. 
Alice submits the same value of ETH 
People submit and claim all of alices eth (good thing)
Alices 20 BNB is still stuck in the contract for rest of the year even though its never going to be used (bad thing) 

## Impact
Users can needlessly lock up their funds for an extended period of time with no benifit to anybody. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L169
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For these types of bounties if the payout token address does not match refund token address then funds should be automaticaly unlockes so users can get funds back.