yixxas

medium

# Issuer has no control over tokens in which they want to pay users in ongoing bounty

## Summary
Core issue here is that `claimId` is a hash of only `claimant` and `claimantAsset`. Issuer can approve a claim to be valid by checking invoice and supporting documents are completed. `setPayout()` can be used by issuer to change the token in which they wish to use as the `payoutTokenAddress()`. Issuer cannot choose the token that is used to pay a particular `claimId`.

Note that `claimantAsset` is the external id of the claimant's asset, and not the token address.

## Vulnerability Detail

Users can claim ongoing payout as long as their `claimId` passes the required checks. However, tokens that are transferred to the user is based on `payoutTokenAddress`, which is a variable of the contract, set by `setPayout()`. We see that it is not related to the `_claimId`.

```solidity
function claimOngoingPayout(
	address _payoutAddress,
	bytes calldata _closerData
) external onlyClaimManager nonReentrant returns (address, uint256) {
	(, string memory claimant, , string memory claimantAsset) = abi.decode(
		_closerData,
		(address, string, address, string)
	);

	bytes32 _claimId = generateClaimId(claimant, claimantAsset);

	claimId[_claimId] = true;
	claimIds.push(_claimId);

	_transferToken(payoutTokenAddress, payoutVolume, _payoutAddress);
	return (payoutTokenAddress, payoutVolume);
}
```

Here is an example of why this is limitting for the issuer.

Issuer wants to give 5000 USD as rewards. 

1000 USDC is approved for users to claim.

Now, the rest of their funds (4000 usd) is in USDT and they want to switch over with `setPayout()`. **However, the claimant of 1000 USDC has not claimed their tokens**. They are not able to switch over as the claim amount and payoutToken is attached to the contract itself, rather than claimId.

If token is switched to USDT before the 1000 USDC is claimed, all users will be claiming USDT, but there is an insufficient amount.

## Impact
`setPayout()` is implemented for flexibility for issuer, to change the `payoutTokenAddress` for various reasons. Current implementation of `claimId` prevents issuer from being able to utilise this.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L96-L112

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider including additionally, both `payoutTokenAddress` and `payoutAmount` as part of the `claimId`.

