CodeFoxInc

medium

# No checks about the funds' availability for starting a bounty

## Summary
Bounty can start even if the `fundingGoal` is not reached or the bounty is not `solvent` at all. This can be a problematic factor which will undermine the credibility of the protocol. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Because the protocol is supposed to be permissionless, anyone can use the protocol to launch their bounty. 
This is more of a design choice, but it can make scams easier to be done in the protocol and eventually users lose the bounties' reward they should get after they have done certain hard work. 

As far as I know based on the code base, there is no such checks for the funds to be enough to pay for the bounty hunters if they have done their works. 

There is some mechanism to check the funds' availability, but it is still not enough. 

e.g., the code I showed in the code snippet. 



## Impact
This is more of a design choice, but it can make scams easier to be done in the protocol and eventually users lose the bounties they should get after doing hard work. 


## Code Snippet

This function determines whether or not an ongoing bounty or tiered bounty have enough funds to cover payouts. No real checks around it for starting a bounty. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L408-L413

`fundingGoal` is just a state variable for symbolic reason. No real checks around it for starting a bounty either. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Storage/BountyStorageCore.sol#L69

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Storage/BountyStorageCore.sol#L67

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Besides fundingGoal, there should be a check mechanism about the availability of the funds. This can make sure people get paid after they finish their hard work. 

- e.g., we can create 2 state variables(one is the minimun funds value, the other is the value to show if there is funds more than the minimum funds) as flags to check the funds is enough or not before the bounty is turned into `OpenQDefinitions.OPEN`. So if the status of the bounty is `OpenQDefinitions.OPEN`, then bounty hunters won't worry about if the funds are not enough when they take part in a bounty. 
- At the same time, there should be a mechanism to lock the funds down during the processing period of bounty to make sure people get paid. 
  - For instance, we can set the expiration of the deposit longer enough to let the bounty hunters not worry about someone would run away with the fund.

Although relying on reputation and trust can be one solution to this like how it is done right now. But the OpenQ protocol is on-chain and global. The issuer or the bounty hunter can be from anywhere in the world. It is necessary to make sure the system is trustless enough to work even though the culture, legal environment or geological location is totally different from both sides (the bounty issuer and hunter).  


This should be considered during the protocol designing process as much as possible in order to avoid scammers' malicious activities. As a result, it will increase the protocol's credibility and value. 


## Addition
I've found some typos in the natspec documentation. 
Related codes: 
[IBountyCore.sol#L103-L105](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Interfaces/IBountyCore.sol#L103-L105)
[IBountyCore.sol#L111-L114](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Interfaces/IBountyCore.sol#L111-L114)
[BountyCore.sol#L151-L155](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L151-L155)
[BountyCore.sol#L167-L175](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L167-L175)

```solidity
    /// @notice Whether or not KYC is required to fund and claim the bounty
    /// @param _kycRequired Whether or not KYC is required to fund and claim the bounty
    function setKycRequired(bool _kycRequired) external virtual onlyOpenQ {
        kycRequired = _kycRequired;
    }
```

`setSupportingDocumentsRequired`'s natspec documentation part is the same as the `setKycRequired` function and this can be a typo. 

```solidity
    /// @notice Whether or not KYC is required to fund and claim the bounty
    /// @param _supportingDocumentsRequired Whether or not KYC is required to fund and claim the bounty
    function setSupportingDocumentsRequired(bool _supportingDocumentsRequired)
        external
        virtual
        onlyOpenQ
    {
        supportingDocumentsRequired = _supportingDocumentsRequired;
    }
```
