HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# TieredPercentageBountyV1: refunds after close make amount that is paid out bigger than expected percentage

## Summary
The `TieredPercentageV1.closeCompetition` function calculates the `fundingTotals`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L132-L135

Which is simply the token balance for each token deposited to the contract.

The `TieredPercentageV1.claimTiered` function then allows each `tier` to claim a percentage of the `fundingTotals` which is determined by the `payoutSchedule`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L115-L118

The issue arises when refunds occur after `fundingTotals` is calculated. This causes some `tier`s to claim a payout that is larger than their percentage specified and some `tier`s will receive no funds at all.

## Vulnerability Detail
Assume the competition is closed and `fundingTotals` of the USDC token is calculated to be 500 USDC.

Now a refund of 200 USDC occurs.

When the payout for one `tier` is claimed now, its payout is calculated based on the 500 USDC balance.
But it should be calculated based on the remaining 300 USDC balance.

If this `tier` receives 60% of the funds, it receives 300 USDC.

So all `tier`s that have their payout claimed after that do not receive anything as the balance is not sufficient to pay them.

## Impact
If a refund occurs, some `tier`s get more than their fair share and some `tier`s get no funds at all.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L123-L136

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It was discussed with the sponsor that they want to allow refunds even after the competition is closed.
Therefore they should explore ways in which they can ensure that each tier still gets a payout after a refund has occurred.