usmannk

high

# Bounty Issuers may revoke funds before the expiration period has elapsed

## Summary

The OpenQ protocol allows issuers to mint and fund Bounties that, once completed, pay funds out to claimants. Bounty issuers may also refund their deposits back to themselves, in the case that nobody has completed their task.

To avoid a scenario where a claimant completes a task but then the issuer refunds the payment before the claimant can claim it, every deposit has an "expiration" period. Claimants may inspect the expiration period to be certain that they have at least that much longer to complete the task, during which time the deposit cannot be revoked by the issuer.

However, for the Ongoing Bounty, Tiered Percentage Bounty, and Tiered Fixed Bounty, the issuer may bypass the expiration check. This enables a flow where somebody sees that a deposit is not set to expire for, say, a week then completes the task and finds the deposit to have been unexpectedly revoked.

## Vulnerability Detail

When any of the specified bounty variants are initialized, either a `payoutVolume` or `payoutSchedule` are specified. These values specify the amount of the `payoutTokenAddress` token to be paid out (optionally, a value per tier may be provided for Tiered Bounties).

By reducing the `payoutVolume` or `payoutSchedule` to 0, a bounty issuer makes it so a claimant gets no payout for their claim. The `_expiration` parameter is not applied to changes to these values.

A malicious issuer can fund large bounties and wait for people to perform their tasks. Then when the claim is in the mempool, the issuer frontruns the claim transaction and calls the bounty's corresponding `setPayout` function to set the payout to 0.

For example, the Ongoing Bounty performs claims as such:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L96-L112

Note how the payout is done in the `payoutTokenAddress ` token in the amount of `payoutVolume`.

By calling the `setPayout` function, an issuer can alter those values in order to deny the claimant any pay:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L256-L275

## Impact

Loss of funds to claimants in the amount of the entire claim.

Although this may be "only" classified as "theft of unclaimed yield", I believe it is high severity because claimants must do real off-chain work (like completing a Github Pull Request) before submitting a claim. They are, in effect, being robbed of the work done.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a validity period to payouts and payout schedules, during which they cannot be changed.