kiki_dev

high

# Possible for attacker to map thier address to the victims uuid. There should be restrictions on what you can change.

## Summary
In `OpenQV1` there is a function called `associateExternalIdToAddress`. This function allows users to set an address to their github user ID and visa versa. The function takes some good precautions by clearing the values at the mapped location first and then setting the new values. However the fucntion is missing a check. Currently any user can submit any github id and address that they want. Which means any user can map a bounty hunters github Id => to the attackers address and visa versa. This can lead to bad actors claiming and stealing a bounty hunters claim and rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Here is a scneario 

Alice is a bounty hunter that has her github ID mapped to her wallet and visa versa. 
Alice completes  a big bounty worth 10 eth. 
Alice is about to claim her reward but
bob sees that Alice is eligible for a big bounty reward 
bob calls `associateExternalIdToAddress` and passes through his address and her github ID 
Now alices github points to his address
Now bob is able to recieve all of alices rewards from the bounty

## Impact
Stolen compensation / funds 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L464

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There should be a check that requires that msg.sender is mapped to the current address stored. Otherwise anyone can change anyones mapping configuration and either steal funds or make it impossible for the actual claimant to claim their funds. 
