HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# payoutSchedule should not change once competition is closed

## Summary
The `TieredPercentageBountyV1` and `TieredFixedBountyV1` contracts make use of a payout schedule. That is used to determine the payout when it is claimed.

The issue is that the payout schedule can always be changed by the bounty issuer. The claimants can never be sure about their payout.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue is that after `closeCompetition` is called, the payout schedule can still be changed via the `TieredPercentageBountyV1.setPayoutSchedule` and `TieredFixedBountyV1.setPayoutScheduleFixed` functions.

Even though `closeCompetition` is supposed to freeze the funds and thereby also the payout schedule:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L122

The bounty issuer should not be able to change the payout schedule once the competition is closed.

## Impact
Imagine when a hackathon competition is closed and the bounty issuer has received all submissions. He can then still chose to change the payout schedule such that nobody gets paid and he can wait until he can refund his funds. This makes the protocol very vulnerable to dishonest / unfair action by the bounty issuer.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L141

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredFixedBountyV1.sol#L138

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
In the `TieredPercentageBountyV1.setPayoutSchedule` and `TieredFixedBountyV1.setPayoutScheduleFixed` it should be required that the status of the bounty is `OPEN`.