ltyu

high

# Issuer has excess control over the release of bounties

## Summary
Issuer has excess control over the release of bounties can lead to a loss of trust in OpenQ

## Vulnerability Detail
Bounties should be a kin to a contract in which the terms of immutable. For example, if a user start a bounty, they should know exactly how much and what they are being paid. They should also know the requirements for their claim to be valid. Currently, the issuer has almost total control over how the bounty funds are distributed. This is problematic because these changes are possible at any time, even after the bounty has closed. 

Such control and issues include:
- The issuer can `setKycRequired`, `setInvoiceRequired`, `setSupportingDocumentsRequired` to initially be `false` but then change it to `true` before a user attempts to claim, thus blocking some users from claiming. 
- The issuer can `setPayoutScheduleFixed` and remove a tier, and prevent a tier from being claimed. 
- The issuer can `setPayoutScheduleFixed` and change a tier, and can reduce a reward amount for a tier.

## Impact
All of these issues can cause users to lose trust in OpenQ bounties. No one wants to do bounties if they can get rugged out of their reward.

## Code Snippet
All functions call this internal function to see if these requirements are 1) required, and 2) set
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L395-L419

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
– Consider preventing blocking edits to be made after the bounty has "started".