Robert

medium

# Bounty Creation Can Be Griefed By Frontrunning Bounty ID

## Summary
The creation of a bounty from OpenQV1.sol can be griefed by a malicious user by frontrunning an innocent user and taking the bounty ID they were attempting to use.

This would happen by the malicious actor watching for users creating bounties, seeing what the ID they're requesting is, then quickly sending a transaction to completely before the user's that will create a bounty with that ID. Since a bounty with that ID now exists, the user's transaction will revert.

This griefing is only temporary and there's not too much for the attacker to gain other than making the protocol look bad or inconveniencing someone so I've labelled it as medium.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Innocent user sends a transaction attempting to create bounty.
2. Malicious actor frontruns that transaction with their own that uses the innocent user's bounty ID.
3. Once the original transaction is included in a block, the malicious one has succeeded and the original reverts because the ID is taken.

## Impact
Medium. It's only temporary so it will only be used to grief users and make the protocol look bad.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L32

The line where a revert occurs if a bounty with that ID already exists.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Assign a bounty ID within creation and return that to the user rather than have the user decide their own.