Breeje

high

# Bounties can be mint with any organization's ID can lead to lot of exploits by malicious user without loss of money or reputation

## Summary

Any user can mint bounties with any `organization` ID as a parameter irrespective of him/her being part of that organization or not. This can lead to foul play where any user impersonate any organization and once he/she gets the solution, he/she can just merge their own Closes ## Issue and empty the bounty to themselves.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `mintBounty` method of `OpenQV1`, it uses `_organization` which is the ID of the organization which owns bounty (as per NatSpec) as a parameter. 

Here's how the attack can happen:

1. Alice mints new Bounty by using the ID of any reputed organization to impersonate them. 
2. Alice funds the bounty so any user can see funded bounty by a reputed organization.
3. Once any user submits the correct work, Alice can simply merge his own Closes ## Issue and empty the bounty to themselves.
4. There is no Loss of reputation or money to Alice for carrying out this.

## Impact

It can lead to user not getting paid for the work, organization's reputation can be damaged even if they had nothing to do with it. And even organization can do that foul play to not pay the user and try to act like they had nothing to do with this.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: OpenQV1.sol

    function mintBounty(
        string calldata _bountyId,
        string calldata _organization,
        OpenQDefinitions.InitOperation memory _initOperation
    ) external nonReentrant onlyProxy returns (address) {
        require(
            bountyIdToAddress[_bountyId] == address(0),
            Errors.BOUNTY_ALREADY_EXISTS
        );

        address bountyAddress = bountyFactory.mintBounty(
            _bountyId,
            msg.sender,
            _organization,
            claimManager,
            depositManager,
            _initOperation
        );

        bountyIdToAddress[_bountyId] = bountyAddress;

        emit BountyCreated(
            _bountyId,
            _organization,
            msg.sender,
            bountyAddress,
            block.timestamp,
            bountyType(_bountyId),
            _initOperation.data,
            VERSION_1
        );

        return bountyAddress;
    }

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/OpenQ/Implementations/OpenQV1.sol#L26-L59)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There is no checks for organization ID -> address of the organization (minter or funder) relation. There should be a mapping used for `organization` where there address needs to be mapped with organization ID so that only they can add Bounties with their organization ID.