seyni

high

# Funders can deny rewards to last claimants by calling `refundDeposit` between tiers claims

## Summary
`refundDeposit` can be called between tiers claims which will result in last claimants not receiving their rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's say several funders contributed to a `TieredPercentageBountyV1` bounty 1000 USDC and with `payoutSchedule == [50,30,20]`. When claimants have validated their obligation, they will be able to call `permissionedClaimTieredBounty`. Consider the following scenario:

- The 2nd and 3rd place claimant first call `permissionedClaimTieredBounty` and together claim 50% of the available USDC or 500 USDC. 
- A funder call refund and gets 200 USDC back (assuming all USDC are unlocked).
- 300 USDC are left and the 1st place claimant call `permissionedClaimTieredBounty` which will revert because in `TieredPercentageBountyV1`, `claimTiered` will call `_transferToken` with 500 USDC as `claimedBalance`.

There is several scenarios which will all eventually lead for (at least) the last claimant to not receive his rewards.

## Impact
Funders can grief the last claimants by calling `refundDeposit` between tiers claims. Winners of a competition will not get their rewards.

## Code Snippet
[TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120)
```soldiity
    function claimTiered(
        address _payoutAddress,
        uint256 _tier,
        address _tokenAddress
    ) external onlyClaimManager nonReentrant returns (uint256) {
        require(
            bountyType == OpenQDefinitions.TIERED_PERCENTAGE,
            Errors.NOT_A_TIERED_BOUNTY
        );
        require(!tierClaimed[_tier], Errors.TIER_ALREADY_CLAIMED);


        uint256 claimedBalance = (payoutSchedule[_tier] *
            fundingTotals[_tokenAddress]) / 100;


        _transferToken(_tokenAddress, claimedBalance, _payoutAddress);
        return claimedBalance;
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The origin of this issue is that the `refundDeposit` function can be called by funder after the end of a competition. Therefore, I recommend to stop refunds after the closing of a competition by using `require(status == OpenQDefinitions.OPEN, Errors.CONTRACT_IS_CLOSED);` in `BountyCore.refundDeposit`.
With this added, if nobody claims the rewards the funds would be locked in the contract. Thus, I additionally recommend adding a permissioned function for the bounty issuer to retrieve funds if necessary when the bounty is closed.