Robert

high

# Claims Can Be DoSed By Refunding After Competition Close

## Summary
Because FundingTotals in certain bounties are decided when a competition closes and are never adjusted after that, if a refund occurs after the competition closes and before all claims have paid out, the remaining claims will all fail.

A malicious actor can force this to happen by submitting a large amount of tokens with a 1 second expiry, having that amount saved as the funding total, then withdrawing everything. Even the smallest tiers will then be "owed" far more tokens than are actually in the bounty.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Tiered competition closes with $X in funding totals.
2. Tier 1 receives 50%, so $X/2. They claim those funds.
3. Tier 2 is supposed to also receive 50%, but a funder refunds 10% of the funds before they claim.
4. Now the tier 2 winner is owed $X/2 but the contract only has $X/2 - $X/10.
5. Claim reverts and can never be withdrawn.

A more malicious version would include depositing 100x the amount of tokens in there, having tier 1 and 2 owed 50% of that, then after withdraw no one can claim anything and the tokens are stuck (especially if refund is DoSed another way).

## Impact
The impact is high because it will stop all claims from occurring.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L116

Is where funding totals are set without them being reset anywhere.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
A couple possibilities for recommendation. The primary one would be for funding totals to adjust if refunds occur. Another would be to disallow refunds after a competition closes.
