kiki_dev

high

# Unbound loop with state change can lead to out of gas error causing claim to fail.

## Summary
In the function `closeCompetition` of `TieredPercentageBounty.sol` there is a loop that iterates through all  tokenAddresses. Becasue there is no limit to the number of whitelisted tokens in a bounty this loop becomes a unbound one and due to the state changes that occur during this loop (`fundingTotals[tokenAddress]`), an out of gas error is very possible and if this were to occur it would be impossible for anyone to claim that bounty. This could happen maliciously by a bad actor loading up the number of token addresses a bounty holds or unintentionaly by users supporting the bounty and submiting tokens that they happen to have. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Here is a scenario:

Alice creates a bounty asking someone to create a move and earn game.
She asks people in her online communities to help fund this by contributing to the bounty. 
Many people deposit a wide variety of tokens all within the limits of the whitelist but a wide variety nontheless. 
Bob comes by and sees this great reward for the bounty and decides to complete the bounty 
bob submits his bounty 
Alice approves it 
Bob attmepts to claim but the transaction fails due to the `closeCompetion()` failing. 

Bob looses compensation for the work he put in. 
Alice and her community is seen as a scam
OpenQ is seen as a unusable product. 
## Impact
Loss of compensation 
Loss of protocol functionality 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L132
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When closing competion this either needs to be done in batches or in a seprerate transaction from the user claiming. I know `closeCompetition()` is important to the protocols functionality but it should get in the way of a user claiming a bounty. 