unforgiven

medium

# Contracts DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 functions doesn't verify Bounty address with OpenQV1 contract and attacker can make them to emit spoofed events

## Summary
to operate on Bounty contract, actors should use DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 contracts. but those contract's functions doesn't check that specified Bounty address is registered Bounty in the OpenQV1 contract and attacker can send fake Bounty address and make those contracts to emit events that looks like real Bounty interactions events but with attacker provided data. This can cause problem with off-chain oracle and Graph integration.

## Vulnerability Detail
Functions in DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 contracts get a Bounty address from user to perform user wanted action on them. some functions only callable by Bounty issuer and functions emit events to sync off-chain programs. the bug is that code in those contracts doesn't check that provided Bounty address by caller is valid registered Bounty in the OpenQV1 contract. attacker can use and make those contracts to emit emit with data that attacker wants. attacker can fool off-chain programs by this. The Graph integration and off-chain oracle have some assumptions like uniqueness of `depositId` and uniqueness of `bountyId` and attacker can make code to emit events with those IDs. only Bounty address would be different from real events.
This is `fundBountyToken()` code in DepositManagerV1:
```solidity
   function fundBountyToken(
        address _bountyAddress,
        address _tokenAddress,
        uint256 _volume,
        uint256 _expiration,
        string memory funderUuid
    ) external payable onlyProxy {
        IBounty bounty = IBounty(payable(_bountyAddress));

        if (!isWhitelisted(_tokenAddress)) {
            require(
                !tokenAddressLimitReached(_bountyAddress),
                Errors.TOO_MANY_TOKEN_ADDRESSES
            );
        }

        require(bountyIsOpen(_bountyAddress), Errors.CONTRACT_ALREADY_CLOSED);

        (bytes32 depositId, uint256 volumeReceived) = bounty.receiveFunds{
            value: msg.value
        }(msg.sender, _tokenAddress, _volume, _expiration);

        bytes memory funderUuidBytes = abi.encode(funderUuid);

        emit TokenDepositReceived(
            depositId,
            _bountyAddress,
            bounty.bountyId(),
            bounty.organization(),
            _tokenAddress,
            block.timestamp,
            msg.sender,
            _expiration,
            volumeReceived,
            0,
            funderUuidBytes,
            VERSION_1
        );
    }
```
As you can see there is no check that provided `_bountyAddress` is valid registered Bounty in the OpenQV1 contract and even code uses calls to provided address to get `bountyId` and `organization` instead of using OpenQV1. attacker can create a malicious contract that looks like the real Bounty contract and only set the issuer to his address and then call functions in the DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 with the malicious contract address and make those contracts to emit events that looks like emitted from interacting with real Bounty contract.
For example attacker can perform this steps:
1. User1 creates Bounty1 contract with BountyID1 as id.
2. User2 deposits tokens into Bounty1 with `depositId` as: `DepositID1 = keccak256(abi.encode(BountyID1, 0))`.
3. attacker crates a malicious contract (FackeBounty1) with Bounty interface and set the value of the `bountyId` to BountyID1 and add a deposit for himself in the index 0 with small duration.
4. attacker would call `DepositManager.refundDeposit(BountyID1, DepositID1)`.
5. code would check that the funder of the DepositID1 is attacker and the expiration time has been passed and would call `bounty.refundDeposit()` and then emit the `DepositRefunded()` event with attacker specified data. 
6. for off-chain programs and Graph protocol the event is looked like emitted when User2 interact with BountyID1 and only the Bounty contract address would be different from real event. depositId, bountyId and other values in the event would be equal to real event. This can cause issues for off-chain programs if they trust the events emitted in the DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1.

the attack can be performed to any function in the DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 and attacker can emit any event with any data he wants and only the bounty address would be different from real legit events but bounties are identified by `bountyId` which attacker can control that value in the events. these are the events attacker can control in those contracts: `TokenDepositReceived(), DepositExtended(), NFTDepositReceived(), DepositRefunded(), ClaimSuccess(), BountyClosed(), TokenBalanceClaimed(), NFTClaimed()`. some of the event like:
```solidity
        emit ClaimSuccess(
            block.timestamp,
            bounty.bountyType(),
            _closerData,
            VERSION_1
        );
        
                emit DepositExtended(
            _depositId,
            newExpiration,
            0,
            new bytes(0),
            VERSION_1
        );
```
doesn't even have bounty address and for off-chain program who watches events won't be possible to distinguish valid events from fake ones. for other events if off-chain code doesn't check the bounty address it would consider fake events as valid ones.

## Impact
attacker can forge and spoof any event in the DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 contracts and cause issues like fund loss or fund lock by deceiving off-chain programs. the attacker crafted events would be from those contract addresses with valid values like depositId and bountyId and only the bounty address would be wrong.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L113-L147

(all the function in the DepositManagerV1 and ClaimManagerV1 contracts that accepts bounty address as input)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
check caller specified bounty address with OpenQV1 contract by this:
```solidity
require(OpenQV1.bountyAddressToBountyId(bounty) == bounty.bountyId(), "invalid bounty address")
```