kiki_dev

high

# Bounty issuer can change payout right before payment is due and get free work from user.

## Summary
Bounty issuer can change the payout to less than excpected before allowing a claimant to claim their bounty. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol allows the issuer to change the payout whenever they would like. This affects how much a claimant will recieve in bounties such as Onging Bounty and the Tiered bounties as well. This was likely intended to allow issues to find a fair price once a bounty is out. for example they might low ball a certain bounty and decided it should be worhth more. So they change the payout to something that bounty hunters would deem worthwhile. 

The problem is that they can change the price to less than promised as well even change the price to 0. They can do this without warning and even after the recieve the product from the claimant. 

Here is a scenario:

Alice creates a Ongoing Bounty asking people to create a UI for her DEX. She sets the bounty to 10 eth per claim
Bob Creates a UI for Alice and submits it. 
Alice looks at the UI and likes it. 
Alice changes the payout to 1 wei.
Alice aprroves and merges the sumission
Bob claims his reward but instead of getting 10 eth he gets 1 wei. 
Alice refunds her 10 eth and moves on.
Alice stole 10 eth worth of work.


## Impact
Loss of compensation and stolen work. 
Loss of trust in protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L165

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Hoping that reputation is enough of a reason to not steal from users is not sufficient and not practicle. It does not take much work to change an organization name and run this scam over and over again. 

My reccomendation is to either implement a timelock on price changes so that users know that their payout is guarenteed. Or implement a check that ensures that claimant expected payout and the bounties actual payout are the same. 
