ak1

high

# `_receiveERC20` should check the amount of received value greater than zero

## Summary

Bounties are funded by caller by calling the `fundBountyToken` function through proxy call.

`fundBountyToken`  -> `receiveFunds`

`receiveFunds` function return the volume of amount received. if the token is protocol toke, msg.value would be returned.

If the token is fee on transfer based, the logic that is used to return the received volume could return zero value.

`receiveFunds` -> `_receiveERC20`. and inside the `_receiveERC20`,

        uint256 balanceAfter = getERC20Balance(_tokenAddress);
        require(
            balanceAfter >= balanceBefore,
            Errors.TOKEN_TRANSFER_IN_OVERFLOW
        );


        //// The reason we take the balanceBefore and balanceAfter rather than the raw volume
        /// is because certain ERC20 contracts ( e.g. USDT) take fees on transfers.
        /// Therefore the volume received after transferFrom can be lower than the raw volume sent by the sender
        return balanceAfter - balanceBefore;

in above code, the condition checks `balanceAfter >= balanceBefore,`. suppose balance before and after are same. (it possible when fee charged is same as input amount), the check passes and the function returns `_receiveERC20` zero.

## Vulnerability Detail

Refer the summary section.

## Impact

Bounty is not receiving any input fund. User may think that they funded but actually not.

## Code Snippet

`fundBountyToken` ->

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L36-L58

`receiveFunds` ->

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L21-L58

`_receiveERC20`->
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L197-L215


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

update the check inside the `_receiveERC20`

        require(
            balanceAfter >= balanceBefore,-------------->  -
           balanceAfter > balanceBefore,-----------------> +
            Errors.TOKEN_TRANSFER_IN_OVERFLOW
        );
