usmannk

medium

# Attackers may forge false `DepositExtended` events.

## Summary

Offchain applications (such as dapp UIs) that support OpenQ use contract-emitted events to keep track of OpenQ's state. As referred to in the README, the [OpenQ subgraph](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/openqdev/openq) is meant to be a canonical source for offchain lookup of OpenQ data.

The `DepositExtended` event, however, can be forged by an attacker. This would trick UIs into showing deposits as having longer expiration periods, and thus longer time to complete tasks, than is true on-chain.

## Vulnerability Detail

The DepositExtended event is emitted by the extendDeposit function in the Deposit Manager contract. However, this event does not include the `_bountyAddress`. As a result an attacker may pass in a `_depositId` that is associated with a real bounty while also passing in a `_bountyAddress` they control. They then can force the contract to emit events indicating that the specified deposit has been extended, even though it has not.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L80-L105

## Impact

Attackers may coerce off chain applications to display incorrectly extended deposit times. Victims may perform tasks and return to find deposits refunded to their depositors even though the expiration period was "supposed" to have not ended yet. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the `_bountyAddress` value into the `DepositExtended` event.