Robert

medium

# Bypass receiveFunds Revert to Make a 0 Ether Fund Deposit

## Summary
Although the code reverts if a 0 value is passed into bounty funding, when Ether is being used as the token the value that's being checked is not the same value that's actually used, resulting in a user being able to bypass the require and make a 0 Ether deposit.

receiveFunds in BountyCore checks if the `volume` parameter is 0, and will revert if so. When sending Ether, `volume` can be any number because the value that's actually used for saving deposit amount is volumeReceived (gotten from msg.value) while the volume variable itself is ignored.

Because of this, a 0 Ether deposit is possible. 

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Call the fundBountyToken function on DepositManager with `volume` > 0, msg.value == 0, and token == address(0).
2. You will bypass the require because volume > 0, but it will save as a 0 value Ether deposit.

## Impact
Medium. Users are able to bypass requires in the code (and that allows them to more cheaply DoS through other means), but overall there's not a very dangerous impact.

## Code Snippet
Volume is checked here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L34

But volumeReceived is what's used after that: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L42

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the `volume` check to include `volumeReceived` if the token is Ether.