jkoppel

high

# Rogue token can disable all claims from tiered percentage bounty

## Summary

By funding a tiered percentage bounty with an ERC20 token whose `transfer` function is overridden to revert when the bounty tries to pay out, all claims will revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

Any person can call `DepositManager.fundBountyToken` with any non-whitelisted token, so long as not too many non-whitelisted tokens have already been deposited.  They can provide a rogue token of their own creation, which can be configured to refuse transfers from the bounty to any other party, or to specific other parties.

For most bounty types, this is harmless, as the rogue token will not be paid out unless either the claimant requests it (atomic bounty) or the issuer assigns it (tiered fixed bounty, ongoing bounty).

However, for tiered percentage bounties, this rogue token will automatically be included in payouts to all winners. The loop in `ClaimManager._claimTieredPercentageBounty` will attempt to call `.transfer()` on this token, and therefore the entire transaction will revert.

When combined with a vulnerability that prevents refunds, namely https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq-jkoppel/issues/3 , the funds in the bounty will be lost forever.

## Impact

This makes it trivial for anyone to make all claims from a tiered percentage bounty impossible. Combined with another vulnerability, it makes it easy for anyone to lock all funds inside a tiered percentage bounty forever.

## Code Snippet

Here is an example rogue token.

```solidity
contract MockRogueToken is ERC20 {
    address public admin;
    bool public enabled;

    constructor() ERC20('Mock Rogue Link', 'ROGUE') {
        _mint(msg.sender, 10000 * 10**18);
        admin = msg.sender;
        enabled = true;
    }

    function disable() public {
        enabled = false;
    }

    function transfer(address to, uint256 amount) public override returns (bool) {
        if (enabled) {
            return super.transfer(to, amount);
        } else {
            revert();
        }
    }

}

```

Adding these lines to https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/test/ClaimManager.test.js#L694 , along with corresponding initialization code for `mockRogueToken`, causes the contract to be unable to process claims.

```javascript
					await mockRogueToken.approve(bountyAddress, 10000000);
					await depositManager.fundBountyToken(bountyAddress, mockRogueToken.address, 1000, 1, "");
					await mockRogueToken.disable();
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Unclear. Either restrict depositors, restrict tokens, or do not fail when safeTransferFrom fails.
