usmannk

high

# Claims on Atomic Bounties can be forced to revert by depositing malicious ERC20s.

## Summary

When an Atomic Bounty is claimed, the bounty contract attempts to reward the claimant with every token that has been previously deposited to it.

An attacker can take advantage of this by:

- Attacker issues a bounty with a large amount of a valuable token as a reward, and a long expiration period.
- Attacker also deposits a malicious token into the bounty.
- Victims perform the offchain work but are unable to claim the bounty because the malicious token reverts in the `transfer()` call
- Attacker waits for the original expiry period to end, refunds the valuable token to themselves, and profits by having had their work done for free.

Even watchful victims are at risk, because the attacker may instead wait to deposit the malicious token until they see a claim transaction in the mempool.

In fact, non-malicious activities may cause this effect as well. If any single token has blacklisted the claimant, the entire claim will fail. If one token has been entirely refunded to the depositor, it will undergo a zero-transfer and some coins revert there as well. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When a token is deposited into an Atomic Bounty, the token's address is added to an array of bounty-held tokens. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L55

When the bounty is claimed, the claim manager attempts to call transfer on every token in this array.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L130-L134

An attacker can deposit a token to the contract and set it such that any subsequent calls to it revert. After this point any claims made to the bounty also revert. The attacker then waits until their tasks have been completed and the expiration periods have ended and refunds any valuable tokens they had deposited.

## Impact

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a catch statement around the claim loop such that the failure to transfer any particular token does not impact the rest.