rvierdiiev

high

# OpenQV1.setPayout can be called any time and allows owner to change payout

## Summary
OpenQV1.setPayout can be called any time and allows owner to change payout
## Vulnerability Detail
OngoingBountyV1 is used in order to create `split-price` bounty.

https://docs.openq.dev/types/a-contract-for-every-occasion
> Split-price contracts pay a fixed amount to multiple developers multiple times, e.g. in a Learn2Earn opportunity where multiple independent developers submit projects for the same task.

When owner initializes OpenQV1 bounty he provides [payment token and award amount](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L52-L53) that will be used in order to pay for the job.

Once contract is funded, people will do their job and then oracle will claim their rewards which will call `claimOngoingPayout`. This function will then [transfer claimer his payment](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/OngoingBountyV1.sol#L110) according to the payment token and volume.

The problem is that there is `OpenQV1.setPayout` function which allows to change payout token and volume for the issuer of bounty at any time.
So this is how this can be used in order to get the job done for free.

1.Issuer creates OngoingBountyV1 for the project. He deposits big amount of USDC into contract. User should make some job to get fixed USDC 1000 payment.
2.Users do the job.
3.Before claiming, issuer frontruns the call and use OpenQV1.setPayout in order to change payout to 0. As result the job is done for free.
4.Then he can change it back to 1000 USDC and again fool another users.

I believe this is high severity issue as it allows bounty creator to play the claimers and get the job done for free.
## Impact
Claimers do not receive fixed payment for the job.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not allow to change payment token and volume after init.