kiki_dev

high

# Token Limit is not enforced when submitting whitelisted tokens

## Summary
In deposit manager there is no limit to the number of whitelisted tokens you can have deposited. And there is no limit to how big the whitelist can be. Meaning that any bad actor can add a dust amount of every whitelisted token to a bounty causing a out of gas error whenever someone tries to claim the bounty. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When making a deposit there is a check to see if the token is a whitelisted token or not. If it is then the deposit continues as normal. The issue here is that there is no check to see if the this deposit will casue the bounty to hold more tokens then the limit allows. 

In atomic bounty when a user claims the function will iterate through all of the tokenaddress that the bounty holds and send that amount to the claimant. The token adress limit was put in place to prevent OOG errors. But that limit is never used when submiting whitelisted tokens. Meaning that the loop used when claiming an atomic bounty can be as long as whatever the token limit is + the length of the whitelist. This will cause an OOG error and make claiming impossible. This can be done by the minter themselves as an attempt to get free work. Or by a bad actor making a specific organiztion (or protocol in general) unusable.

Here is a scenario:
Token Limit is 5
Number of whitelisted tokens is 20

Alice mints a atomic bounty.
Bob sees this and depsits 5 junk tokens (at this point token address limit is reached. 
Bob also deposits a dust amount of everywhitelisted token. 
`tokenAddress` length is now 25 (20 more than allowed)
Carrie completes the bounty and is ready to claim 
Carries attempt fails due to an out of gas error. (bounty is no linger claimable)
Carrie now completed of bounty for no compensation 
Alices Reputation is worsend 
Bob gets away with it for essentially no cost. 

## Impact
Loss of compensation for claimant
Loss of repuation for Protocol and organization. Seen as unusable.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L45

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L130

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Either batch the amount of tokenaddress `_claimAtomicBounty` iterates through, or enforce the token limit. 