unforgiven

high

# User would lose his funds in Atomic and Ongoing Bounty types if oracle's claim transaction fails

## Summary
In Atomic and Ongoing Bounty types to only way for winners to receive their funds is by oracle calling `claimBounty()` for the bounty and winner. if oracle claim transaction fails by any reason and oracle don't retry the transaction enough times, then winners won't receive their funds. code should support pulling for this type of bounty too.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is function `_claimAtomicBounty()` code in ClaimManagerV1 contract which is responsible for transferring winner funds when oracle calls claim for a atomic bounty.
```solidity
    function _claimAtomicBounty(
        IAtomicBounty _bounty,
        address _closer,
        bytes calldata _closerData
    ) internal {
        _eligibleToClaimAtomicBounty(_bounty, _closer);

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _bounty.getTokenAddresses().length; i++) {
            uint256 volume = _bounty.claimBalance(
                _closer,
                _bounty.getTokenAddresses()[i]
            );
....................
        }

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _bounty.getNftDeposits().length; i++) {
            _bounty.claimNft(_closer, _bounty.nftDeposits(i));
.....................
        }
    }
```
As you can see code loops through ERC20 deposits and NFT deposits and transfer them to the winner but if for any reason one of those transfers reverts(for example transfer of one of the ERC20 or NFT tokens are paused in the moment ) then the whole oracle's claim transaction would fail and winner can't receive his funds. oracle may try the transaction multiple times but it would fail and there is no way for oracle to know is it supposed to revert or in near future the transaction can be successful. so oracle can't recover from this fail transaction and winner may lose his funds.
In the claim process code sends native token and whitelisted ERC20 and NFT tokens. if winner address was a contract and receive() function rejects the payment or get out of gas then the transaction would fail. for ERC20 tokens, in the moment owner can pause transaction and that would cause revert. if ERC20 was another contract token then the temporary transfer pause can be common the same can be true for protocols NFT token. as OpenQ works with variety NFT and ERC20 tokens that is in the whitelist so the issue would accrue if one of the tokens in the bounty deposits had that problem.
these are the steps the issue happens:
1. User1 creates atomic Bounty1.
2. User1 deposits 100K USDC and 100K USDT and 100K PToken into the Bounty1 contract through DepositManager.
3. PToken is another protocol's token and can be paused by the protocol.
4. The winner of the Bounty1 was identified and the PR has been merged to close the issue.
5. PToken's protocol paused it for upgrading it  for 1 week.
6. off-chain oracle would try to call claim for Bounty1 to transfer winner funds but because PToken is paused the transaction would fail always and off-chain oracle would give up after some tries.
7. after some times PToken is un-paused and is transferrable but there is no way for winner to claim his funds.
8. in the end User1 would close the Bounty or withdraw his deposits and winner won't able to receive the funds even so he is done the job and closed the issue.

the transaction fail can happen because of the low gas too. some protocol NFT or ERC20 tokens use more gas when transferring tokens.
also if winner didn't complete invoice, KYC or supporting documents phase yet and they are required in the bounty the claim transaction would fail too.

## Impact
Winner can't receive their funds in the atomic and ongoing bounties if the claim transaction fails for temporary resasons.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L123-L166

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/ClaimManager/Implementations/ClaimManagerV1.sol#L173-L197

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
oracle should set the winner and then try to transfer funds and also allow the winner to pull the funds if oracle couldn't send  funds.