usmannk

high

# Malicious bounty issuers may specify payouts that are not fulfillable

## Summary

When issuing a Tiered Percentage Bounty, an issuer must specify a set of tiers in the form of percentages. These percentages represent the share of payout allocated to each tier, and must sum to 100. The total payout that these tiers are taken as shares of is locked when the first claim is made, and never updated.

A malicious attacker may wait for a claim to be made on one tier, and then changing the payout schedule to create fake payout tiers that cannot be fulfilled. Claimants will see these false payouts and perform work, only for their claims to revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a Tiered Percentage Bounty receives its first claim, the claim manager calls `closeCompetition()`. This locks the `fundingTotals` mapping to the current balance of any deposited ERC20s. 

When a claim is made, the payout is calculated as the tier percentage as a fraction of the total funding at the time of closing.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/TieredPercentageBountyV1.sol#L104-L120

However, when changing the payoutSchedule, the only restriction is that the new payoutSchedule adds up to 100.

A malicious actor can shift shares from already claimed tiers to unclaimed ones, ostensibly increasing their payout amount. This would bring the total payout beyond 100% however, if you count the previously claimed tokens. Claimants would see the inflated payout amounts, perform the bounty task, and be confronted with a revert upon attempts to claim.

Consider the following scenario:
- A malicious issuer funds a contract with 100USDC, and payoutSchedule [95,5]. The tier 0 task is valued at $95 and the tier 1 task is valued at $5.
- A user Bob claims tier 0 and the  contract pays 95USDC to Bob
- The malicious issuer changes the payoutSchedule to [5,95].
- Alice sees that this bounty's second tier 1 reward is $95 (95% of this bounty's `fundingTotal` amount for `USDC`)
- Alice claims tier 1 and the contract attempts to transfer 95USDC to her, but fails because it only has 5USDC

## Impact

Loss of funds to claimants in the amount of the entire claim.

Although this may be "only" classified as "theft of unclaimed yield", I believe it is high severity because claimants must do real off-chain work (like completing a Github Pull Request) before submitting a claim. They are, in effect, being robbed of the work done.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When changing the payoutSchedule, check if the contract already closed and, if so, update the funding totals.