Robert

high

# NFT Can Be Deposited as an ERC20, Resulting in a DoS of Claims

## Summary
Even if you only allow whitelisted tokens into a contract, that whitelist will include NFTs that are allowed. This can lead to the same DoS that malicious tokens can do where on a transfer they will fail because a normal transfer (rather than transferFrom) of an NFT will result in a revert.

The base of this report is just that when fundBountyToken is called, there are only implicit checks to see if it's an ERC20 such as whether safeTransferFrom succeeds. With an NFT, this safeTransferFrom will succeed. However, once it comes time to payout to users all tokens that have been given to the contract, the safeTransfer to the user will fail as the NFT contract will not have that function.

This is different than a normal malicious token because it will be on the whitelist and can lead to the same complete DoS of claims, and permanent loss of funds if refunds are also DoSed.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Call `fundBountyToken` but input a whitelisted NFT token address and ID as volume rather than ERC20 data.
2. The NFT token address will be saved as one of the tokens in there.
3. When it comes time to payout, the contract will attempt to transfer to the user and it will revert.

## Impact
High because this completely freezes claims (and helps for a full freeze) while bypassing the whitelisted tokens protection.

## Code Snippet
Whitelist if a require is added that tokens be in the whitelist: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L45.

Bounty will receive "ERC20" just fine here https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L204 with the user then having a "1" volume balance.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L227 will fail because safeTransfer doesn't exist on NFTs (and likely the ID the contract has isn't 1, which will be the volume that is attempting to be transferred).

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
My recommendation would be to have a separate whitelisted ERC20 mapping and only allow those tokens when funding bounties with ERC20s.