Robert

high

# No Protection Against an ERC20 Being Deposited as an NFT Breaks Ability for Bounties to Use NFTs

## Summary
Similar to another issue of mine where NFTs can be deposited as ERC20s, ERC20s can be deposited as NFTs. This report, however, causes very different problems.

The contract will not revert and payout should work fine naturally if you enter a whitelisted ERC20 token address as an NFT address when funding a bounty through the NFT funding function. Although NFTs must be on the whitelist, the whitelist includes ERC20s so they can be transferred into the bounty as well. Upon completion of the bounty, the ERC20 should be transferred out to the winner just fine.

However, an ERC20 being entered makes it extremely easy for a malicious actor to DoS the contract by depositing the max number of NFTs allowed. I believe the maximum allowed is hardcoded to 5 (in Atomic Bounty at least), which would be very easy to accomplish with a few ERC20 transfers.

After the NFT deposit limit is reached, the bounty is no longer able to use NFTs at all.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Call `fundBountyNft` on a bounty that is accepting NFTs.
2. In the token address, enter a whitelisted ERC20 and a small volume.
3. Repeat this 4 times until NFT deposit limit is reached.
4. NFTs can now no longer not be used on that contract.

## Impact
High, completely removes the contract's ability to use NFTs.

## Code Snippet
Whitelist for any token rather than only NFTs: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/DepositManager/Implementations/DepositManagerV1.sol#L122

Deposit limit of 5 NFTs in Atomic Bounty: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/AtomicBountyV1.sol#L49

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I think the best recommendation would be to do the same thing I suggested in the ERC20 function with the NFT function and add a separate whitelist for ERC20s and NFTs. If this wouldn't work, you could try calling a variable on the token address to ensure it's an ERC721 since you do already only allow whitelisted tokens.