kiki_dev

medium

# `extendDeposit()` Does not check that extension will unexpire deposit. After extension deposit can still be expired.

## Summary
In `depositManagerV1.sol` there is a function called `extendDeposit()` that allows a user to extend the expiration for a particular deposit. However the functions seems to be missing a check to ensure that the extension actual pushes the expiration date beyond `block.timestamp`. Because of this user will end up wasting transactions extending the expiration date to a date that has already passed. 
## Vulnerability Detail
Here is an example scenario:

Alice deposits 10eth into a bounty with an expiration of 24 hours
A week passes 
Alice not calculating the days corectly extends the deposit by 5 days. 
expiration 
Alice's funds are still expired by a day. 

Here is another example. 

            expiration[_depositId] =
                block.timestamp -
                depositTime[_depositId] +
                _seconds;

With numbers in place here you can see how easy it would be to have the transaction be useless due to the deposit remaining expired. 

            expiration[_depositId] =
                10 am -
                4am +
                2 hours;
Resulting in this:

            expiration[_depositId] = 6am 
            block.timestamp = 10am


## Impact
Function will not work as excpeted per documnetation. This will lead to wasted transaction on the users end and overall bad experience with the protocol. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-openq/blob/main/contracts/Bounty/Implementations/BountyCore.sol#L111

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check that ensures that `expiration + extendedTime > block.timestamp`. Same change to prevent users from wasting money and having a bad experience with protocol. 